blog post about Flux at KubeCon EU 2022 (#933)
fluxcd/website: content/en/blog/2022-05-12-flux-at-kubecon-eu-2022/index.md

handle](https://twitter.com/fluxcd).

## At KubeCon, watch out for these folks

![Team Flux at KubeCon](team-flux-at-kubecon.png)

There will be lots more of Team Flux in the crowds: contributors,
advocates, friends, implementers and folks in adjacent communities we
work a lot with. Find them at our physical booth or in all of the
sessions listed below.

All right, how about these folks above? They will all give sessions, MC
the events and coordinate all the things.

- **Priyanka "Pinky" Ravi** has been speaking about her experience as
   a DevOps Engineer a lot lately. She gathered a lot of experience
   working at a large insurance institution and helped them
   transition to Flux and GitOps. Since then she has been a recurring
   guest at Weave Online User Group, [GitOps
   Days](https://www.gitopsdays.com/) and elsewhere.
- **Stefan Prodan** is the creator of Flagger and has been a core
   maintainer of Flux since Weaveworks donated the project to CNCF.
   He is a maintainer of SMI and he\'s been part of Team Flux for 4+
   years already. He is also the owner of a very cute dog.
- **Scott Rigby** is maintainer of Flux and Helm, and one of the

>    chairs of Open GitOps. He knows the ecosystem very well,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   chairs of OpenGitOps. He knows the ecosystem very well,
```
